Welcome, in this video, we're going to look at Git's help command.
Let's fire up our terminal application, I'm using iTerm, and to prove to you that git is installed, I simply type "git version".
We can ask Git for help by typing "git help", and Git shows us it's general usage.
Additionally, Git tells us how to use the help command even further. The general command for Git help is 'git help ';
but to see the list of commands that we can use with "git help", we can use "git help -a",
and these are all the available commands that are currently installed with Git.
It's a bit overwhelming, so I'm going to use the command that we're going to be using very soon, which is config.
To learn everything about the config command, type "git help config".
That command loads a man style help page. We can use the arrow keys to navigate up and down.
And, when we are done reading everything we need about this command, we can exit by typing the q key.